We've just made a deploy,
which I think is pretty exciting and
we called it from the diamond contract.
Now, let's add a little something,
I'm gonna use as particularly
good software engineering practices
of simply coping and pasting code.
So now it's like this, let's replaceA,
so I wanna have all the same code,
the only difference is I'm
just simply gonna go replace.
I know I could make this into a nice,
beautiful thing, okay, but just for
now sometimes it's easy
just to get stuff done.
So there we go, we have replace we have
nothing to do and let's go back to A and
let's make it return something
slightly higher, right.
So now let's go back to our cut and
we're gonna do this,
we need to go replaceA, right but
the problem is what does A need?
A needs a diamond, we need the address
from the diamond pretty much, so
let's just get the diamond address.
And I'm gonna erase
the little Kneisel thing and
just have this as the diamond address
we'll return it also down here.
Why were we trying the diamond address?
I don't know, this just is part of it.
There we go, so we just need the pass and
the diamond address and we will have
everything fantastic, so again let's copy
this, paste it in there, there we go.
This should pretty much work
is my assumptions and so
let's go in there and
I forgot one last thing.
No, never mind,
we deploy A every time, perfect.
So let's deploy A, so
now if we've done this correct,
we've now deployed A, right and
we call this before we deployed.
So fantastic, so
let's now try the next part which
is let's recall A without
the replacement this time.
So let's go back here and
recall A, notice we got 53,
we did not change
the address of our contract.
We didn't do anything,
we simply just said, here you go and
it worked, it replaced the function
that we had stored in there.
It's actually pretty special, I think
this is just I'm just still so excited,
I sometimes feel like it just front
row here about as excited as I am.
But that is like awesome,
it solves one of the worst parts about
contract development which is when we
change your address we're just host.
There's like so many things you're gonna
have to take care of, think about all that
storage transfer, any of the extra
information would just be a nightmare.
Said now it's pretty easy,
we can just do that,
we could set some variables if we want to,
we just set it on the diamond.
That's just how it works because we're
all being called with delegate calls.
So let's do one last one,
just in case to really prove it.
Let's go delete A there we go and
we'll call it remove and
of course the address is gonna
be that really convenient 0x 0.
Look at that thank you tab nine
it just knew I wanted 40 zeros,
it could just feel it.
And so once we do that we're
gonna do the cut fantastic,
order now remove A and
then we're gonna call A.
So let's write this, delete A and
let's actually make this into a function,
it's not making a new
function we'll just be lazy.
There we go let's delete A,
we've deleted A,
now let's call A bump bump function
does not exist, look at that.
So we're actually adding replacing and
deleting methods off of the diamond,
it works very very shockingly well.
And how it does it,
of course is by using those little
function selectors right here that go in.
And are able to encode your functions
in a way that they can look up by
using a mapping.
And so this makes most sense, I think that
every concept about this makes sense.
But the deployment script is obviously
significantly harder than the ones we
built thus far.
But it all makes sense because it has
to be slightly more complicated and
ultimately this opens the door for
you to be able to create as
complex of a script you need.
You break them up and there you go,
now the one hard part will be obviously
storage I showed you that
little app share storage,
technically we could share storage.
But you also have to have
shared functionality, so
you can imagine that your library,
where are you, do I even have a library?
If you make the library
long as everything,
a lib right long as everything
inside of it has a scope.
Get something, has a scope of internal,
you don't have to deploy the library
contract and make external calls to it.
You can just simply import it in and
use those so long as they're all internal
there's no public ones you can
just use it kind of for free.
And that can be the way you share code.
It does increase your contract size,
but at least anything that you need across
multiple of them you can just use this.
And so, that tends to be as far as I can
tell the best way to develop contracts to
date on Aetherium.